1. What is meant by a Working copy in Version control?
	folder on local machine that links to remote repository 
2. Which Git command is used to create a working copy of a repository on your machine?
 	git clone
3. What is the use of the GIT pull command?
	it brings the changes(files) from remote repository to local working copy  
4. Which GIT command is used to move an untracked change into the staging area?
	git add <filename>
5. How do you set up your SSH key settings in Github? What is the use of setting up SSH key?
	secure shell(SSH)
	
	Using the SSH protocol, you can connect and authenticate to remote servers and services. With SSH keys, you can connect to GitHub without supplying your username or password at each visit.
6. What is meant by a Branch in Version control? How do you create a new branch in GIT?
	 branch in Git is in actuality a simple file that contains the 40 character SHA-1 checksum of the commit it points to
	git branch <filename>
7. Which branch gets created by default when you first create a repository in GIT?
	master branch
8. Which of these facts about GIT is accurate ; 

 

   a) GIT is a centralised  version control tool.    b) Changes made to files in GIT can be reversed by reverting to an earlier version of the file.

   c) GIT cannot be integrated with any other tools in the SDLC  d) GIT is an open-source ,distributed version control tool.
	b,d
 

9. What is the difference between Git and Github?
Git-distributed
Github-centralised

Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency

Git is a distributed peer-peer version control system. Each node in the network is a peer, storing entire repositories which can also act as a multi-node distributed back-ups. There is no specific concept of a central server although nodes can be head-less or 'bare', taking on a role similar to the central server in centralised version control systems.

"GitHub is a web-based Git repository hosting service, which offers all of the distributed revision control and source code management (SCM) functionality of Git as well as adding its own features."

Github provides access control and several collaboration features such as wikis, task management, and bug tracking and feature requests for every project.

You do not need GitHub to use Git.

GitHub (and any other local, remote or hosted system) can all be peers in the same distributed versioned repositories within a single project.

Github allows you to:

	Share your repositories with others.
	Access other user's repositories.
	Store remote copies of your repositories (github servers) as backup of your local copies

10. What is meant by a repository in version control?
storage area
